[DROOLS-5910] Enable range index for JoinNode (#3606)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/ReleaseNotesDrools.7.50.0.Final/join-node-range-index.adoc

[id='join-node-range-index']

> = Join node range index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Join node range index for join evaluations
```

> Join node range index is implemented to improve the performance of join evaluations when there is a large number of facts to be joined. This feature is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The join node range index improves the performance of join evaluations when there is a large number of facts to be joined. By default, the join node range index is disabled.
```
